Update action-return-types.md (#35151)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/web-api/action-return-types.md

The <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.HttpResults> namespace contains classes that implement the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.IResult> interface. The `IResult` interface defines a contract that represents the result of an HTTP endpoint. The static [Results](<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Results>) class is used to create varying `IResult` objects that represent different types of responses.

> The [Built-in results](xref:minimal-apis#built-in-results) table shows the common result helpers.

Author: ```suggestion
The [Built-in results](/aspnet/core/fundamentals/minimal-apis#built-in-results) table shows the common result helpers.
```
